Do you see it?
After tonight, my daughter will be playing God
Only we Qianjiao in the world have this book
Luo Mo
He, Ye Longyuan, is a waste who eats soft rice
What's the use of him besides eating soft rice?
This Ye Longyuan seems to be eating nothing but soft rice
It's really useless.
No wonder your young lady dislikes him
This kind of person who is useless except for eating soft rice
Hmm, I don't even like it
Do you hear me?
Everybody knows that.
You are a waste who only eats soft rice
Now there's only interpretation in your eyes
Why did I marry you back then?
No matter what, it is less enterprising than you
Only better than eating soft rice
Eating soft rice is none of your business
I am happy to feed Longyuan
Can you handle it?
I don't know how you two hooked up
Yes, but you made your fortune by eating soft rice
I look down on you, look in the mirror
It makes me sick to see you like this
How many times have I said it?
This gift is from me, don't you believe it?
But Chen Shaojie didn't say anything
You default that it was sent by him.
So disgusting
Why should I believe you?
Did you come up with anything to prove it?
This location
After so many years, I pulled it to the Lin's house and walked forward
You are back.
Do you want Tianjiao to follow you, this trash?
After tonight
I am the female Marquis for a while
Overlooking the world
And you spent three years in prison
Still the same one who only eats soft rice
Useless big talker
Dream in the world
You said I could give you the first line of the Lin family
You can still leave your Lin family with nothing
Attitude makes me sick
Today's Dragon Gate Banquet is cancelled